Fix #454 colors in feature attributes are misinterpreted when used in key path expressions (#536)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-ios: platform/ios/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a bug with UIViews being incorrectly updated with a one frame delay. ([#483](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-ios/pull/483))
* Fixed an issue where CocoaPods users could not install the SDK when using Xcode 12. ([#482](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-ios/pull/482))
* Fixed an issue on iOS 14 where scalebar triggers unnecessary `-[UIView layoutSubviews]`. ([#507](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-ios/pull/507))

> * Fixed an issue where colors in feature attributes are misinterpreted when used in key path. ([#536](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-ios/pull/536))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where a color in a feature attribute was misinterpreted when used in a key path expression. ([#536](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-ios/pull/536))
```
